If there is a channel I prefer, I love it more than BuzzFeed.
BuzzFeed is a little closer
I found the only thing better than Buzzfeed here.
BBC Three (BBC Three)
Let us pause online games
Hey guys, let’s see some people with a lot of experience.
This is very popular, right, we can do it.
No~
No~ if you are not familiar with the third BBC
He has a very popular series called "What should I say?"
Basically, don’t say anything to people with disabilities.
I think this is a good idea.
Because you generally want to respect these people
Like many times
I am like I am not sure, I don’t know how to tell you.
I once met a boy of similar age.
He turned to me and said to me
What's wrong with your face?
I stared at him and then I said:
I get a horrible disease
If I exhale you, you will also get
Then I will call ~~~~~~
He screamed and fled
So he started with this
You know this is a good thing.
At some point they follow their route
Then there is no idea.
BBC third, if you are watching
I can agree that I understand your feelings.
Finally finally
A movie that is a game lover every time I hear something I don’t want to hear again.
When a game lover is so difficult
If others don't understand the feeling, maybe you and I also understand it. Let's take a look.
Come see it today.
You play electric but you don't play proper
Because you are a woman
The woman won't hit the electric, which is the green onion, I bet you play...
I bet you play "simulation citizen", I love you, right? Right?
WOWOWOWOW
I don't understand these girls who play electric.
They want to prove that they are famous video game players.
But in fact nobody cares
Nobody cares, okay?
(XD says good respect for girls)
So old and still electric?
This is what I always hear.
Bu Lin grandmother played very well
Girls are not good at games.
This has been scientifically proven because they have a woman's brain and are not as good as a male brain.
I am joking, I am joking...
I am just kidding...
(but this is a scientific fact)
You can say it again.
Just like a TV show is a movie for children to watch for children.
In other words, books and movies are for the sake of entertainment.
Awkward entertainment
Oh
I made a 4Chan stalk map in real life. What happened to my dude (dawg afro-destination)
The game is for professional
The game is for people like me who are jealous.
I am super-super..... Why do I always do this?
Super waste of money
喔 casually
Have you ever heard of piracy? (XD)
Hey, listen, you can't steal what you are copying.
I like her answer, so why?
(Pewds OS: Lin Beijin has money)
That's not true. This is a more effective way to spend money.
No, I can agree 100% because I must be
Finish all these games I...
(push you into the Steam pit)
I...play them from start to finish
In these games and titles, I really get the value of the money I spend.
Because I spent time playing them one by one.
This is really really expensive.
If you put in music you will spend too much money on the megaphone
Loudspeaker guitar or drum similar things
It’s like everyone has a favorite thing.
If you are an electric player you must buy a computer
What is the argument of a keyboard like yours? I don't understand (dry XD)
Video games promote violence
This statement is actually right like oh...
The game leads to gender discrimination (just you XD)
This has been proven many times.
Can we continue this argument?
One of the most annoying things
They are annoyed
See how angry they are, look at you and see how angry they are when they hear those words.
This is because they are very violent (irony)
See how violent this is (continuous irony in XD)
It’s coming at once... But you know that I won’t murder innocent people when I haven’t played the game.
If you are a violent person, you are a violent person.
The game won't make you more violent
Will your boyfriend let you enter the game?
Although I just saw you, but I know it will provoke
Okay, okay?
Will your boyfriend let you in the game?
I think the answer is yes (Pewds is a good boyfriend, of course)
Why can't girls enter the game by themselves?
No, it’s not good.
I am joking, this is a joke.
This shows that I don't understand why they are getting angry.
That's why it's so funny to me, I'm provoking, that's a joke.
Calm but Jesus Christ, I don't understand
It’s like stopping care and then no one is birding you, you are blogging in the kitchen.
Oh, you must be very wasteful.
Because she is a woman woman playing video games is poor
I play Candy Crush but I am not a video game player.
That's not true, it's a lie.
Contradictory
Why can this provoke people? Are you serious?
You are
It’s like I said that I already have a dream.
Also said that I am not a player relying on you.
If you can't accept that you are a video gamer
Sir, are you having something?
I think I have a problem, yes, I have something.
(pewds are very good XD)
I don't know why you think I have a problem?
I don't understand why you have to define yourself through the fact that you play video games for me.
It’s too pitiful for me to be fucking.
If you watch a movie, you won’t emphasize that you are a movie viewer.
Linbei finished watching
Yeah, I am a viewer.
Am catching? I love movies. Have you finished watching a micro movie? You are a movie viewer.
Do you watch YouTube? You are a movie attendant, what the hell is it for you (I don't know XD)
Can't you just just play Candy Crush?
And don't have to stress that you are a fucking player?
When I define myself as a fucking video gamer
Can't I play Candy Crush in my spare time?
What is the best video game?
That problem is really (very brainy XD)
(hand shake LOL)
I hate people asking me this question.
Do not
This is almost the same as when someone asks me what is happening on your face.
(Your face has always been very XD)
How dare they ask!!!
Look at the smile on his face
Isn’t video game the best thing? Video game = life, everything
He is talking about high quality and high quality content every day (also telling himself)
Continue to everyone
Being a woman on the Internet is very competitive and difficult here.
Living here is very difficult
You know that I am trying to walk in front of respecting women.
I am part of the plan to respect women’s ambassadors.
Respectingwomen.org/respect
(I really have this website interested, please search for it yourself)
People don't understand what it is.
So thank God for having BBC 3
Because now we have to learn
What is the concept of being a woman on the Internet?
(Chavyism genes are in the middle of the game)
If you are a woman, you will know something online.
Facebook friend invitation
Often inexplicably received a push invitation and then I just took a look and then turned it off.
That never happened to me.
I have never received a random Facebook friend invitation if you are watching and you are also a male
I am sure you can agree that random dating requests will not happen to our men.
We are very honored to be lucky to be here.
I won't receive a friend from someone you don't know. You may think that I will add you to a friend.
That's why you get it. I have received a bunch of invitations before. Yes, I still have many invitations until now.
This is because I am half a woman damn
Photo
Woman will receive a photo? Who is taking a photo? Why take a photo? (???)
I don't know how to take a photo is three small
Just like I won't expand my ass and take a photo of the asshole
Right, even if it is a beautiful anus, it is absolutely beautiful.
Absolutely impeccable perfect symmetry, but I still won’t shoot and send it to someone
You look at me very worried because I actually like it.
These girls like to take photos?
Did I miss something? I saw a girl who seemed to like it.
Marzia~~~(XD, I really laughed)
I haven't seen it, but you know what I want is to come tonight.
a second child
I really want a photo of someone Bob.
Does this make me like a foundation? Isn’t it possible to have a little bit of fucking?
I don't know if I am in the public.
When queuing for coffee
Then you are suddenly bombarded by the penis monsters on your phone.
You don't want to see
("Hao" is aptly described as thanking this lady XD)
He just said three small XDs.
"Phallace Monster"
I hate just queuing for coffee, and then you are stunned.
They will still look disdainful when they say something to a connoisseur.
But if I don't get a photo, I will want to come to you with amazing and necessary sex.
Her mobile phone has become a second child? I don't understand
I don't want the second child to send another photo.
Finally the woman understands
Approx
There are a lot of applications that I think deliberately designed to make a classification with a woman's skin color.
For boys: This is my perfect opportunity, like to conquer the black woman, I am not a dream.
Are you mad? Serious?
I swear she is a slinger (Hitmonlee)
I am confused
The dating program is like someone walking on the street and someone tells you: Hey baby but I didn't see anything.
The boys will say: Get out of your throat
Boys who should be fair should have self-esteem for being rejected.
I can understand this, don’t be so fucking, so poor.
If the boys on the Internet are not interested in you, it means that you are ugly.
Targeted advertising
I don't know where to start, I agree, my god, I feel...
It’s like...
If I see targeted advertising and it is for me, I will be very bad.
If I receive the latest video game ad I will be like a fucking
Lin Beizhen swears because I am a man, I love games.
For example, receiving an advertisement that reduces your belly fat
That's because you are very fat (Pewds is bad)
Doodle toot doodle~~~
You are fat, fat, fertiliser, fertilizer, fertilizer
I am sorry that you are not ashamed. I forgot this. Maybe it is because you are very fat.
Seeing that the BBC is paying taxes
Channel
The BBC is managed by the British government
If you have a TV license
You are obligated to pay
I don't have a TV license. When I moved to the UK, I didn't sign it, so they kept sending me like...
Are you sure?
Do you really want to apply for the BBC?
Don't fucking me
No, no, I won’t support the fairness of this junk. Some videos I think are
Very good ones are cancers that are uncompromising
But I almost summed up the content of the BuzzFeed type of my content for this
PewDiePie knows to respect women and leave a compliment to everyone who respects women.
I am sure there will be some compilations in the future about respecting women's stalks at some point but before that...
Keep awesome